okay so we're gonna go in right before
everyone gets going
okay what do you guys think of people
calling Apple fans I she what's up guys
we are here at the 5th of Apple Store so
this is the flagship store here in New
York if you saw my recent videos out in
San Francisco checking out the iPhones
well today today is iPhone day where
people are actually gonna get their
hands on the phones so this is at 5th
Ave and 58 if you can see the glass box
so that's kind of like the iconic Apple
store glass box but they're actually
redoing that right now so they move the
Apple store a little bit over so this
has been the 5th ave store for a little
bit of time who knows when that glass
box is gonna be ready how long does it
take to just like make some new glass
you know they make a new phone every
year but they can't get us some new
glass out here in New York guys my audio
setup is this straight into my massive
zoom recorder look at this reporting
live we are here with the first customer
if you were here at midnight
yep for 8 hours I came like 8:30 I was
like a line all the way down to 3rd
Avenue so is it different this time do
you think people are like waiting in bag
because they got their pre-orders this
is the S upgrade it's not the major
upgrade so it's not that many people
here can I ask you some questions no ok
what do you think is the biggest
difference like Y upgrade it's available
are you getting the max ok so is that
the screen is it the camera size cuz
I've been using the iPhone 10 for like
what 10 months or so it's pretty good
but I want the larger screen camera you
can adjust the aperture after you take
the picture that's pretty cool ok what
do you guys think of people calling
Apple fans I sheep I don't mind it it
really doesn't bother me call me
whatever you want everyone has their
thing everyone has something different
this is something some of us enjoy doing
and getting new things every year new
product so I'm fine with it
we love our iPhones and we are unashamed
are you getting the max the 10s which
one are you getting I'm getting for my
daughter
the X is X yes that is a good mom I
don't think my mom would ever stand in
line for me so good job
why is ECG important myself oh let's say
if I am a high high on college tour
right so I need to check on my ECG all
the time I don't have to go to the
clinic in all the time so the best thing
is to go you know to the app and you get
it ready to touch and it's FDA approved
so that's good that's how I get the
subscribers guys one by one can you
subscribe to my youtube channel guys I
just got two new subscribers I don't
think iPhone is the most important thing
in life
[Music]
[Applause]
what is the excitement
[Music]
my excitement was before Steve Jobs died
and before they put a notch on the key
on the phone and before they put sure at
the camera so final thoughts it's fun to
see the excitement and the Apple
employees I think that translates to
everyone so the moment they open the
doors and the Apple closer closer
scrutiny you can tell everyone's levels
just went like
way up just that excitement of like
being in line all the employees like
exciting because you bought something it
was awesome to be considered press and
be able to go in early time to talk
about the camera before the release day
of the new iPhone I had a chance to do
some hands-on testing with the iPhone
10's max I had some meetings in LA so I
was back on the west coast I'm going to
focus mostly on the camera on these new
iPhones now remind you this is a s year
so if you bought an iPhone 10 last year
or maybe even an iPhone 8 if this
upgraded camera that I'm going to talk
about isn't important then maybe wait
till next year for the upgrade but if
you're rocking an iPhone 6 & 7 I think
you are going to be very pleased with
this new iPhone I was actually blown
away by the camera before diving into
the iPhone camera quick shout-out to our
sponsor audible audible is where I
listen to all of my audiobooks and it
contains an unmatched selection of
audiobooks original audio shows news
comedy and a ton of leading audio book
publishers broadcasters and entertainers
and my friend Ryan Serhant just released
his brand-new book
sell it like Serhant which I am very
excited to dive into I want to learn his
sales tactics on how he sells
million-dollar apartments in New York
City I always have air pods in my ears
so audible is so good for learning that
knowledge on the go so whether you're
commuting you're flying or you're
working out Sarah don't act like you
work out they don't have to
might want to work out someday well
anyway this guy's go to audible.com
slash Sara deechi or text Sara dg2 500
500 to get an exclusive 30-day free
trial and a book of your choice for free
alright it's time to talk about this
iPhone 10s camera
[Music]
I'm gonna give the 10 s max to Dale he's
gonna selfie on the skateboard I I would
like a wider camera still just a little
bit so we're gonna see if we can see him
doing the trick maybe a kickflip or
something for your eyeballs in slow
motion
here we go think of the selfie camera is
we've been shooting 4k at 24 frames per
second we've been shooting slow-mo but
when it comes to changing frame rates
you don't necessarily change the frame
rate of this true depth selfie camera in
settings but it mirrors the rear camera
so if you want that 60 frames per second
on the front camera which is new you
have to make sure your rear camera is
changed to 60 frames per second that way
and not the most intuitive but now you
know guys now you know deal thank you
for helping me Lincoln by everything you
saw this morning was shot on you brand
new iPhone 10's max using the filmic pro
app some of the shots were shot on
Cody's iPhone 10 but most of them 10s
max so let's get in to this camera here
are some of the edits that I got from
shooting out and about in LA I'm going
to compare them to the iPhone 10 the RAW
images no edits right after this but I
just I really enjoy the images that I
got the new iPhone has a bigger sensor
with deeper pixels that you will see in
the comparison but straight off the bat
they do have a more saturated look I
would say they're almost similar very
similar to something you would get out
of a samsung phone - the over sharpening
that Samsung does that's oh that's
something that I'm just not the biggest
fan of but the fact that iPhone pictures
now resemble Samsung pictures a little
bit that's that's a good thing I did
find the colors being more accurate Dale
sweatshirt with bright orange so the max
is more accurate to the orange Ness
instead of the red that
kind of came off on the 10 but I did
have to bring it into my Lightroom
mobile app and decrease the saturation
of a sweat trick because there's just
too much
smart HDR is the reason in my opinion to
upgrade your iPhone every DSLR every
phone camera that you use during perfect
lighting whether you have studio
lighting or maybe it's a sunset or
sunrise those pictures no beautiful this
update we got with the 10s now allows
you to take pretty darn good pictures at
any time of the day so when you start
comparing the pictures from my iPhone 10
to the new 10s my love I took these
pictures in the middle of a bright sunny
day in LA it was unevenly lit the
pictures are backlit you're gonna see
the biggest difference in these pictures
in the settings where the pictures would
normally look terrible which is good
that means you can point your iPhone
wherever whenever and you're gonna come
out with a pretty decent image so smart
HDR in practice is actually very very
impressive these deeper pixels are very
obvious in any portrait mode pictures
look at this portrait mode selfie that
Dale took you can actually still see his
neck and the 10s the added detail in the
shadows is just it's spot-on it's very
cool that you can now adjust the
background blur however the default f4f
4.5 is usually what's going to look the
best just because you can do it 2f 1.4
doesn't mean you always should
[Music]
I look forward to comparing the 10s max
to the note 9 because the note 9 and
ever since the note a actually Samsung
phones have had that adjustable
background blur so which one's gonna
look better I don't know you should
subscribe because I'll do that video
very soon and also non iPhone related
videos what yeah for sure and a quick
reminder that iOS 12 in the new Mac OS
is now out so not only are you going to
get that screen time feature the better
photo organization and Siri shortcuts
but there's a lot of performance
enhancements so I was seeing on Twitter
a lot of people with older iPhones are
like oh my phone is actually usable now
it's not super slow don't be scared to
do that update if you want to learn more
about some of these updates in a fun way
I did make a video from WWDC that you
can check out so should you update your
iPhone well that is definitely something
to argue about in the comment section
down below I'll keep some of the
comments but again I was kind of wowed
by the smart HTR if you are not a big
like camera person you're not taking
pictures all the time
the only reason may be to upgrade to the
Macs from an iPhone 10 or an iPhone 8 is
me because of the bigger display the
better battery but remember it's an S
here so next year we're guarantee that
they'll come out with the best iPhone
ever again the new sensor performed
great with low-light pictures and also
some apps that I would recommend audible
duh of course description and below
check it out but some creation apps are
filmic Pro we use that a lot today it
kind of gets rid of the iPhone II look
but takes advantage of the great great
camera vsco cam is what I edit all of my
iPhone pictures in and also Lightroom
mobile it actually allows you to do the
selection mask to turn down saturation
or exposure with very specific parts of
the picture and hopefully filmic Pro
will come out with an updates to support
that stereo audio very soon
did you enjoy this video smash that like
and subscribe button for new videos
every single week I don't just make
videos about bones I generally cover the
tech and creativity realm show process
and I love it as super fun so join the
peachy fam i I live in New York City I'm
24 years old I'm from Dallas Texas I
like technology I like gear I'm a
gearhead
I play guitar maybe I can do another
guitar video coming up so there's
there's a little I get to know me if if
you're new around here the watch is
great it looks great
I enjoy it mark heads just put a really
awesome video out on that you should
check it out I just I don't have enough
to say about it to make a video but look
guys it's beautiful okay I'll see you in
the next video
stay peachy okay bye
[Music]